Add docs for health connect support on lower android versions (#1135)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/core/sensors.md

![iOS](/assets/iOS.svg) and ![macOS](/assets/macOS.svg) users will have a sensor setting for whether to use the name of an active Zone if present instead of the geocoded state, defaulting to not using it.

## Health Connect Sensors

> ![Android](/assets/android.svg) <span class='beta'>BETA</span> &bull; 9+, only when installed from the Play Store (Android 9-13 ensure the [Health Connect app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.healthdata) is installed and setup before enabling sensors)<br />

Reviewer: Put the app install on older Android versions text in an info box, to avoid cluttering the header and give yourself more room for writing a sentence?

```suggestion
![Android](/assets/android.svg) <span class='beta'>BETA</span> &bull; 9+, only when installed from the Play Store

:::info
On Android 13 or older, you need to install and set up the [Health Connect app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.healthdata) before enabling sensors.
:::

```
